Who says it's not?
If it weren't for Jiang Yuan being an eyesore in front of the emperor
Sister, you have already finished the product now.
Go to a little bitch show a few times
I must make him look good
Is it this kind of newcomer who just entered the palace?
You should have mistaken his spirit
Let him know that in this harem
own status
I'm pissed off.
Is this case meeting?
Although stupid
But it's still good to be a pawn
That's two birds with one stone.
Solve both the original and those who shouldn't be there
Oh, right.
Just in time to reward An Noble with a flowing gold bracelet
Miss
The emperor's attitude towards you is also strange enough
You will be so fierce for a while, and you will care about you when you are in danger
Do you think he likes you or not?
Green dill, don't speculate about business
Be careful not to be heard cutting off your tongue
Green dill, let's go on the swing
Ok little jie
Yo, isn't this angering the emperor?
The original empress who was punished?